Update 1-compiling.md (#95)
substrate-developer-hub/cumulus-workshop: en/1-prep/1-compiling.md

Follow the instructions here to [setup a local development environment](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/getting-started/)
for Substrate.

> If you are already setup with a local development environment, remember to ensure that you are building with the latest stable toolchain.  The link above also includes information on updating. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: If you are already setup with a local development environment, remember to ensure that you are building with the latest stable toolchain: use `rustup update` before moving forward!
```
